This repository contains Verilog implementations of various exact (accurate) 4:2 compressors, each with 5 inputs and 3 outputs. These compressors have been selected from recent literature and are widely used in high-speed arithmetic circuits, especially in multipliers.

All designs have been implemented using Verilog HDL and synthesized/simulated on the Vivado Design Suite (Version 2023.2).

Included Designs
Below is the list of implemented 4:2 compressor designs along with their corresponding references:

Design 1: Conventional 4:2 Compressor.

Design 2:
O. Akbari, M. Kamal, A. Afzali-Kusha, and M. Pedram,
"Dual-Quality 4:2 Compressors for Utilizing in Dynamic Accuracy Configurable Multipliers,"
IEEE Transactions on Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) Systems, vol. 25, no. 4, pp. 1352–1361, April 2017.
DOI: 10.1109/TVLSI.2016.2643003

Design 3:
Jiangmin Gu and Chip-Hong Chang,
"Ultra Low Voltage, Low Power 4-2 Compressor for High Speed Multiplications,"
IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems (ISCAS), Bangkok, Thailand, 2003.
DOI: 10.1109/ISCAS.2003.1206267

Design 4:
Hsin-Lei Lin, R. C. Chang, and Ming-Tsai Chan,
"Design of a Novel Radix-4 Booth Multiplier,"
IEEE Asia-Pacific Conference on Circuits and Systems (APCCAS), Tainan, Taiwan, 2004.
DOI: 10.1109/APCCAS.2004.1413009

Design 5:
W. Guo and S. Li,
"Fast Binary Counters and Compressors Generated by Sorting Network,"
IEEE Transactions on Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) Systems, vol. 29, no. 6, pp. 1220–1230, June 2021.

A testbench applied for all is given in tb.v
